hey guys today what are you doing the
tea bag challenge and I've never done
this before and I really don't want to
do it so let's get started really fast
looks painful already
do I can lick sick papers
carefully started this looks like me
I guess someone's watching this video I
will never ever ever i remember do that
again and it's still on my mouth
whatever give us for you a giant tubs of
you didn't like this video and if you
did like this video get a break LexA go
check out last week's video where I did
the common Waco tagged with my best
friend yet subscribed on this next
week's video where I'm going to be doing
you what's on my phone tag sucks Oh me
on Twitter Instagram vine tumblr i'll
link that all the trip shin box below
thank you guys so much for watching this
video bye